The Joe Rogan experience.
Welcome to episode
1,666.
[Inaudible].
There can be only one. Why? I don't know. It's the rules.
Thumbs, the rules, terrible.
Rules, worst rule. But.
For, for episode, 1,666, there was only one option. That was you.
Oh, thank you. I'm honored by that. Thank you so much, Joe.
It's so nice to be here.
Dude. So nice to see you.
It's you're such a good friend that every time I see you, I'm transported.
Like there's no time lost. You know what I'm saying?
When you're so tight with someone that when you see them again,
you're like transported.
Like you're immediately back to where I last saw you again. There's no like,
Hey God, haven't seen you in a while. How are you?
It's like, yeah. Yeah. That's real friendship. I mean, that's it.
If it's not that, what is it?
I'm super concerned about this weird catching fire. We're surrounded by candles.
And uh, I believe this wig is flammable.
Yeah. That way it gets from China. I don't know what it is.
That could be some bizarre synthetic. That could be anything.
This is the hair of a billionaire who said the wrong. No.
And they just.
They probably made him grow his hair first,
probably kept them in a tunnel somewhere and made him eat rats,
whatever rats he catch. Yeah. And just give him hair vitamins,
DGN. When his hair was long enough to make a wig out of it, they let him go.
That's a lot of work to get some help.
Yeah. Now all he does is coach John Siena.
His job is to coach Johnson. I want to say.
Well here, that was really weird.
That was one of the weirdest things I'm not a fan of or not a fan of John seen a
no John Siena opinion, but that was just an.
Odd, it was scary.
Cause they want it's a lot. I guess it's just a lot of money, man.
The Chinese dollar to.
Here's how much money it is ready for this, that movie made $160 million.
The opening weekend, I believe 134 million of it was from China.
Oh God.
Oh God. We got to get in. Let's do our apologies.
I need to learn Mandarin and started talking.
Started doing my acting manager. It sounds cool. It sounds great.
Well amazing.
The most impressive thing about that video was not just China got John seen at a
cook, but also that John CNS speaks perfect Mandarin.
Yeah. How long does that take?
It's a mystery. I don't know, man. It was just strange. I was like,
that's some really, really the most it's again like, you know,
we're watching that fight. Oh my God.
When we're watching that fight last night and you're just watching it and you're
trying to make sense of the new reality, you know? Cause it's like,
you gotta accept it,
but he's wearing a peek at shoe medallion fighting like the best
boxer alive today, you know? And,
but you ha you have to watch it from the perspective of like, well,
this is what is happening now because otherwise you get this weird spinning
vertigo. Like what the universe in mind?
Same thing when you're like watching John Sienna do some weird
apology and ma and Mandarin, it's the sense of like what?
This is a malfunction, this is a breakdown. I don't get this.
When in the history of the United States,
like imagine like some old video of like John Wayne doing some
apology in another language, it's just.
Weird. It is weird, but it's a warning to, to everybody, right?
The people that don't, they're not taking this sort of cultural shift seriously.
When you see an enormous alpha male and John Siena,
John's seen his arms are so big.
It looks like they're supposed to be a foot longer,
but someone saw them off and put like a fist here.
It's like,
if my forearm like w went down only to here and then the fist was there,
his wrists are enormously sleep. He's such a gorilla. Right.
And to see that guy saying it in Chinese and you read what he
actually said, it's like, uh, it's hard to say, right.
Because one thing I tried to give him the benefit of the doubt. I was like,
what did he actually say? Because I don't speak Mandarin. Right. Right.
I w I wish someone maybe that spoke Mandarin could translate it and tell me
whether or not that was accurate. Right.
I'm assuming it was accurate because I haven't heard anything. You know,
people who speak Mandarin, must've gotten a hold of it since that. Sure.
But it was just weird to see an apology for just saying that a country exists.
That's essentially what it was. Right. He said, Taiwan is a country.
And he said that, I mean, that's all he said wrong.
Like Taiwan was going to be the first country to see the movie.
Yeah, that's right. You can't say that. Which is. You know,
also that thing that just popped up, they said it was a mistake,
but being apparently made it so that if you image search
the Tiananmen square guy, holding the suitcase,
didn't show up on the day of,
on the anniversary of the Tiananmen square massacre. And so everybody's like,
what the? Just like, are you, are you like owned by China now?
You know, that's, that's a, that is a really strange form of invasion.
Isn't it? It's like,
it's not the normal kind of invasion where we're thinking about invasions from
old historical versions of invasions,
but that's not how it works anymore. Now it's, you know,
if you get your technology into another country,
if you become the supplier of a lot of their pharmaceuticals,
if you all these things, then you don't really need to invade,
you know what I mean? If you've bought up a lot of their.
Property, you don't need to fly in with jets. You don't need, cause.
You're buying it. And you're like, that's like, to me, that's the,
that's where countries like the United States,
what makes him so amazing is also this huge, terrible weakness,
which is they have a permeable membrane shaking it in there easier than
other places, you know? And like, especially now with the ability to like,
just have a thousand AI bots running various Twitter accounts
expressing kind of similar sentiment regarding whatever the it is you want to
promote. Whoo. That's crazy. You could just warp people's minds anyway.
You want, I mean, you know, we, I, we have, no,
I'm not just talking state agencies either. I mean,
just cobbles of like an Arcus you feel like just around with the
Zeit guys could theoretically just put out a ton of
bots or phone banks of people putting weird ideas into the culture
that, you know, you hear it enough times you start thinking like,
I guess that is true. That must be true.
I don't know if you've ever had the thing happen where you're just scanning
Twitter and you see some completely wrong,
like deeply wrong fact and physics, but you didn't,
you were just or something. So you're like, well, that's interesting.
And then later you repeat it without looking it up to see if it's true.
And then you go back to see it. This happened, I mean,
you realize like three tweets above that tweet.
It's like the guy's like, I'm the reincarnation of Marilyn Monroe.
I mean, I go.
I repeated some fact I heard from a guy who thinks he's the
reincarnation of Maryland and literally at dinner, you know,
that's what I'm saying. Is it leaks out? And so it's just trippy. You know,
it's just weird.
Catch new episodes of the Joe Rogan experience for free. Only on Spotify.
Watch back catalog J R E videos on Spotify,
including clips easily seamlessly switch between video
and audio experience on Spotify.
You can listen to the JRE in the background while using other apps and can
download episodes to save on data costs. All for free.
Spotify is absolutely free.
You don't have to have a premium account to watch new JRE episodes.
You just need to search for the JRE on your Spotify app.
Go to Spotify now to get this full episode of the Joe Rogan.